be this way
the jobs are
how you doing do you know what made so
many friends this is have done strictly
and it's funny people ask about a sense
of competition but honestly I think the
competitions with yourself and it's so
sad when one of your friends has to go
home on a Saturday night it just seemed
really wrong and I know on this I met
some friends for life me never to
probably have a little bit too much fun
in rehearsals we probably laugh more
than we dance sometimes she's a
brilliant person are really funny and
relief I think some people doing
expected to be annoying she really is
great Melly cat smelly cat what are they
feeding you
now listen I won't have anything said
about us singing I'm gonna get be an
athlete should should be Christmas
number one you know I think she should
sing lead and AH learn Christina should
sing backing vocals Robin actually when
he's had to tell me 279 times to put my
left foot forward and I continue to put
my right foot forward that stresses the
friendship ever since like me do you
know I think when I started doing
strictly my friends reaction was quite
mixed because lots of them had seen me
dance at parties and the thought was an
impossibility you know that anything was
going to happen but now I cannot type
week five and I'm still here the dancing
to get him better so no I think that
would be really supportive they're
really up for it my friends are the
reason why I'm doing strictly I spoke to
my very close girlfriends who have had
since school we all met when we were 11
I've got a close group of girlfriends
from there and I said then what would
you think about me doing this show and
they were more excited when they told
them I got engaged more excited when I
told us having a baby
they were almost shaking with the
possibility of me doing strictly and
after that response I was like I gotta
do it now he's become my best friend I
mean we actually lived together when we
first started to show yes and then Cara
stole him away from me and I was left to
live all by myself but not a seriously
backstage as amazing to have this
wonderful guy around and the
professional dancers as well you know
there isn't any sense of like was in
them the professional dance have been so
kind and especially Karen you know I'd
never lose touch with her backstage
everyone's made like really close
friendships and it's not fake or
anything genuinely everyone really gets
on it's of
crowd we watch each other we're all
cheering each other on and we feel like
we're at this most exclusive party and
that doesn't feel like competition we
just enjoy watching each other and what
we all bring and and its really lovely
because we all bring something different
him that's the beauty of Strictly I
think it's amazing when a group of total
strangers can come together and hit it
off
genuinely hit it off so well and form
immediate bonds and I really look
forward to coming together on the Friday
and Saturday seeing everybody and I feel
a real it gives me a lot of confidence
and a lot of strength because we
genuinely think everybody wants
everybody to really well it's very rare
when you find a person for understands
here from immense perspective and this
that's what Bob has been for me all this
five years and hope is never gonna
change because I it would be horrifying
so thank you both being my life
either maybe cry
you